Getting started (#1072)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/install-operate/third-party/_index.md

---
title: Third Party Integrations
description: Community driven integrations built on the Falco core
aliases: [/docs/getting-started/third-party]
weight: 70
---

> You can deploy Falco on a local machine, cloud, a managed Kubernetes cluster, or a Kubernetes cluster such as K3s running on IoT & Edge computing. To test, set rules, integrate deploy Falco in a learning environment such as minikube, kind, MicroK8s, and others.You can also deploy Falco in a production environment such as CoreOS, Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), K3s, and others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy Falco on local machines, cloud, managed Kubernetes clusters, or Kubernetes clusters such as K3s running on IoT & Edge computing. To test, set rules, integrate deploy Falco in a learning environment such as minikube, kind, MicroK8s, and others. You can also deploy Falco in a production environment such as CoreOS, Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE), K3s, and others.
````
